aluminium       - bauxite
aluminium       - gibbsite
antimony        - stibnite
bismuth         - bismuthinite
calcium         - calcite
cesium          - lepidolite
chromium        - chromite
coal            - lignite
cobalt          - carrollite
cobalt          - cobaltite
cobalt          - smaltite
copper          - chalcopyrite
copper          - cuprite
copper          - malachite
iron            - hematite
iron            - limonite
iron            - magnetite
lead            - galena
lithium         - spodumene
magnesium       - dolomite
manganese       - pyrolusite
mercury         - cinnabar
molybdenum      - molybdenite
nickel          - pentlandite
niobium         - columbite
platinum        - sperrylite
potash          - sylvite
salt            - halite
silver          - argentite
tantalum        - tantalite
tin             - cassiterite
titanium        - ilmenite
tungsten        - scheelite
uranium         - carnotite
uranium         - uraninite
vanadium        - patronite
vanadium        - roscoelite
zinc            - smithsonite
zinc            - sphalerite
